Shakespeare's T-Shop, an idea is born.
Pass the sugar, dear.
Yes, dear.
Can I have the sugar, dear?
Hell?
Sorry, dear.
Oh, it's all right.
I can do it myself.
What are you doing today, Pete?
Sorry.
I said, what are you doing today?
I'm not sure at the moment, dear.
But don't worry.
I will.
But I do worry, Pete.
You have no job.
We have no money.
What are we going to do?
Something will turn up.
You see?
Nothing will turn up, Pete.
You just sit at home all day.
Well, what do you suggest?
We need to think, see what ideas we can find.
Maybe I can get a job.
You can't do anything, Mom.
I can do lots of things.
Say something to our daughter, Pete.
Well, let's face it, Josie does have a good point.
What can you do?
Thank you for your support.
It's obvious everyone thinks I'm stupid.
But you don't have any qualifications or experience, my dear.
That's because I married you.
I wanted to be.
I told you not to leave school, Nancy.
Your father said he wasn't good enough for you.
We wanted you to go out with Frank from the bank.
Not now, Mom.
Please.
Your Mom is getting worse.
I told you we need to look for an old people's home.
No, I don't want to go into it.
Don't start arguing at the breakfast table.
Be quiet.
This isn't helping.
We're trying to find some way of bringing some money
into the house.
Why not send your mother out, Nancy?
The local supermarket is always looking for old people
to work at night, stacking shelves.
Don't be so stupid, Pete.
Can you feed Boris, Josie?
But, Mom, why do I just do it?
But, Mom, OK.
I can do it.
Nobody does anything in this house.
Can't you say something to Josephine, Pete?
Yes, dear.
Fairy cakes.
Sorry?
Why are you talking about fairy cakes?
You're good at cooking.
Why not make fairy cakes sell them at the church
bazaar or a car boot sale?
No, Mom.
I don't think that's a very good idea.
Not again.
How often do I tell you, Josephine?
Take that rat up to your room now.
But Dad is hungry.
Who as I tell you?
I hate you all.
Wait a minute.
Maybe what you say, Mom, is a good idea.
Um, I know.
What about a tea shop?
Yes!
We could open a tea shop, Mom.
You and I could make the cakes.
Oh, I love making cakes.
My friends at the Bingo Club love my Swiss roll.
That's not a bad idea, Nancy.
One thing you're good at is cooking.
But wait a minute.
Where do we get the money?
It's not cheap opening up a shop.
Maybe we can get a loan from the bank.
Do you think they would give us some money?
Hmm.
Banks always want to loan money.
But first, we need to write a business plan.
We need to look professional and show the bank
we are serious and know what we are doing.
You're good at that sort of thing, Pete.
OK.
I can start on it today.
We need a concept.
We need a detailed list of costs and our expected income.
But where should we have a tea shop?
Considered a competition.
I think it's better if it's in a village nearby.
Perhaps a traditional English tea shop in an old fashioned village.
Yes, Nancy.
Oh, this is so exciting.
I always wanted to have a shop.
Our own tea shop.
Perhaps we can call it Nancy's nibbles.
I don't think that's a very good name.
What about Britain's best?
First, let's find a shop.
Switch on the computer, Pete.
See if we can find an empty shop in the area.
Can you go and get Josie, please, Mum?
She needs to be involved as well.
Of course, Nancy.
We mustn't get carried away.
Are you sure we're doing the right thing, Nancy?
I'm a bit worried.
We don't have much money.
What happens if it's a disaster?
It won't be a disaster.
I feel it in my bones.
But you know what they say in life.
What's that?
No risk, no fun.
I just hope we're doing the right thing.
On the road.
There are loads of empty shops in the Cotswolds.
Look how much information I got at the estate agents.
Oh, like this one.
It's modern and it's in the centre of Stratford.
It looks awesome.
Look at the price.
It's much too expensive.
What about this one?
It's in Upper Snotlbroth.
My friend Pierre lives in Upper Snotlbroth.
Nice man.
He comes from Germany, I think.
I'm not sure.
He doesn't speak much English.
Nice eyes.
He told me he puts garlic on his waltz.
I think that's what he said.
Are you sure he's German, Mum?
Oh, here, look.
Why a piddle.
That village is only down the road.
Look at the picture.
Hmm.
The price is a bit high,
but maybe we can speak to the owner
and get it reduced a bit.
It looks as if it's going to collapse.
It looks interesting.
Shall we go and look at it now?
Good idea.
Go and get the car out of the garage, dear.
All right.
Ooh, this is so exciting.
I want to put on some makeup.
We're not meeting royalty, Mum.
Come on, Josie.
And bring Boris with you.
Ooh, what is wrong with this car?
Piece of junk.
We're going very slowly.
I can walk quicker.
Then why don't you?
What's he saying about me?
He knows I can't hear very well.
Be quiet, both of you.
Now, what could we call a tea shop?
Time for tea, perhaps.
Oh, truly scrumptious.
Yes.
They're OK.
Are you sure this car's all right?
Of course it is.
It's just...
We're going slower and slower.
It's OK.
The car is a bit full today.
Perhaps eating two pieces of toast for breakfast
was a bad idea.
What are you talking about, Nancy?
Oh, ha-ha-ha-ha.
Dad?
Yes, Josie.
I hope you don't mind me mentioning it, but...
Yes, yes.
What is it?
Well, our next door neighbour has just overtaken us.
So?
He was on his bike.
Yes, that's right.
Laugh.
I don't mind.
Oh, no, look.
What is it, Mum?
What's the matter?
A hill in front of us.
What happens now?
Help!
A hill!
Oh, we need a theme for the shop.
Good idea.
Something that's a bit different.
We can all put on fancy dress clothes.
No, Mum.
Yes, of course.
Why not?
Everyone can dress up in Elizabethan costumes.
You're not serious, are you, Josie?
Why Elizabethan costumes?
It's obvious, Mum.
I want to be lady-dyed.
She was so beautiful.
What a pity!
I think your grandmother's a bit confused with her history.
No, Mum.
Elizabethan is the time of Elizabeth the first.
I'm not talking about Elizabeth the second.
Elizabeth the first was in 17...
16?
Well, a long time ago.
But anyway, I don't understand.
Why Elizabethan, Josie?
Well, my piddle is very near Stratford.
So?
Oh, Mum.
Did you ever go to school?
Shakespeare, William Shakespeare, was born there.
Oh, yes, of course.
Yes.
We can call the tea shop the Shakespeare tea shop.
Oh, no, better is the only Shakespeare tea shop.
It sounds older and more traditional.
We can then dress up in clothes from Shakespeare's time
and attract tourists.
Dad, can dress up in a pair of tights in the shop
to look like William Shakespeare.
What did you say?
Oh, don't worry, Pete.
Josephine didn't say anything important.
Looking at the tea shop.
It's very quiet here.
Is anyone alive here?
It's a lovely village.
Lots of wonderful old buildings.
Oh, there's the village pub.
And look, an old church.
It's really nice here.
It's so peaceful.
There's more life in a funeral procession.
Look, there it is.
Isn't it cute?
Is that it?
Next to the village shop.
God, it's awful.
Oh, it's lovely.
Lots of wooden beams.
It needs a lot of work doing on it.
We have to lower the price.
The bank won't give us enough money for this place.
Don't be so negative, Pete.
We can ask in the village shop next door.
Perhaps they know the owner.
Come on.
Good morning.
I wonder if you can help us.
I certainly hope I can.
What an enchanting blouse.
It looks new.
Silk, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
And thank you.
My name is Nancy Britton,
and this is my husband, Pete.
And a lovely little doggy woggy.
Doggy woggy.
What a doggy woggy.
And this is my daughter, Josephine, and my mother.
It's so enchanting to meet you all.
What can I do for you?
Well, my husband and I are interested in the shop next door.
We're thinking of opening a tea shop.
How enchanting new neighbours.
Come on.
I have a key.
Oh, how terrible of me.
I didn't introduce myself.
I'm Simon.
Call me Si.
Everyone does.
Julian, dear.
Look after the shop.
Back in two shakes of a lamb's tail.
Come on.
We can look together.
What a wonderful shop.
It's perfect.
God, who lived here Henry VIII?
Does it have electricity and running water?
Of course it does.
It's too expensive.
I need the loo.
Oh, wait for me.
I do too.
There's a lot of work to do.
It looks rather run down.
Hmm.
It's very old-fashioned.
Even older than your mother.
If that's possible.
You're so funny.
I wasn't trying to be funny.
Oh, I see.
I can see we're going to have such fun together.
Yes.
Is there a kitchen?
Of course.
Julian and I always kept it spotless.
We're real little housewives together.
I don't understand.
Oh no, of course.
Julian and I own this shop.
We moved our village shop next door because it's bigger.
So now we want to rent this shop.
The toilet's in the garden.
It's an outside lav.
Oh, it's like the middle ages.
It's so wonderful.
Reminds you of your childhood, does it?
There you go again.
Your husband's so funny.
We're going to get on like a house on fire.
I'm going back to my shop.
Bring the key when you finish looking round.
Bye.
Well, what do you think?
I'm very happy I'm married to you.
Oh, I mean the shop.
What do you think?
It's a lot of work.
I'm a bit worried.
It's wonderful.
We must all help and that includes you, Josie.
Of course, Mom.
Have you told Dad about the toys?
Sorry.
What did you say?
Tights.
Don't worry.
You don't have to.
Don't have to what?
Come on then.
Let's take the key back to Julian and Cy.
I want to have a word with them.
It's much too expensive.
There's so much to renovate.
What's this about?
Tights, Josie?
Don't tell Julian and Cy.
They'll get excited.
What are you all talking about?
Oh, hello again.
Well, what do you think?
We really like it.
It's just what we're looking for.
Ah, I think it's a bit expensive
and then there's the deposit as well.
And it needs a lot of renovation.
We'll have to do it ourselves.
I know, I know.
Why don't we all meet next week at the estate agent's office?
We can then discuss the money and the contract together.
I'm sure we can agree.
What do you think?
Yes, that's a good idea.
Here's our name and phone number.
Just ring us up to tell us when the meeting is.
Wonderful.
Thank you so much.
Come on, everyone.
Let's go and look around the village and meet the locals.
Not so fast, dear.
One step at a time.
A lot of things can go wrong, you know.
Don't talk such rubbish, Pete.
Come on, everyone.
Women, I know what you mean.
Setting up the tea shop.
Don't let your father see that you have Robbie with you.
You know he hates it.
I want him to see the tea shop.
You want to see a doney Robbie.
Just a bit hidden, please, Josie.
You need to put it on a diet.
But he's not fat.
Come here, little Robbie, I still love you.
I love the old tables and chairs you found Nancy.
Yes, eBay is a wonderful thing.
B-day?
Have we got one of those as well?
Sorry, mother.
My friend Pierre in Upper Snottlebrough
has one in his bathroom.
I saw it.
He washes his socks in it.
I think that's what he said.
I'm not sure.
I don't speak German.
No, mum.
I said...
Oh, it doesn't matter.
Are you sure he's German, mum?
If his name's Pierre, then he's...
I think so.
He looks German.
What does it German?
What's that noise?
Oh, yes.
It's the shop sign company.
They're putting up the sign on the front of the shop.
It's so exciting.
Our own t-shop.
One, two.
Coming.
Mum, can you and Josie start to think about
what to write on the menus?
Oh, and can you keep an eye on the men outside?
Check they don't put the shop sign upside down.
Of course.
Leave it to us.
If this shop's going to have a Shakespeare theme,
then I suppose the food should have a Shakespeare name too.
That's a good idea, Josie.
What do you suggest?
What about, um...
Yorick Yorkshire jam cake?
Or, uh...
Macbeth Marang Pie.
That's good.
How about Stephen Scones?
Sorry, Grant.
I don't understand.
Why Stephen Scones?
He's a good friend at the Bingo Club.
Yes, but there has to be a connection with Shakespeare.
Well, yes, there is.
Stephen took me in his car to the Globe Theatre in London.
It's where Shakespeare performed.
Yes, I know what it is, but no one here knows about Stephen.
What do you want, Pete?
Do you think we're making the right decision?
Oh, not now, Pete.
We both signed the contract.
The opening party is on Saturday,
and there's so much to do, and now...
I'm worried about the money.
I just hope we get enough customers to pay the rent.
And the deposit was bigger than I thought it was going to be.
Stop it, Pete.
Don't go on so.
Did you see the interest we have to pay the bank?
Now I know where the bank manager drives a Mercedes.
And all the money we spent on renovation.
Yes, yes.
Anyway, what did you call me for?
Is this where you want the shelves?
Yes, that's fine.
Oh!
What happened?
Pete, are you all right?
Yes, but these walls are not very thick.
Oh, hello.
What a shock.
Well, Julian, a hole in our lovely wall.
Hello, Simon.
I mean, Si.
I'm sorry, but...
Her heart stopped for a second,
trying to spy on us, were you?
No, of course not.
I'm sorry about the wall.
I can repair it.
That's OK.
It's rather fun.
We can talk to each other.
Pete, you're making more work for us.
We open on Saturday,
and we still have so much to do.
I want to do some painting.
Yes, dear.
Can you get me the ladder and the paint, please?
They're in the kitchen.
Yes, dear.
Where do you want me to put...
A be careful, Boris is like...
Oh, my God!
Look at Boris!
He's covered in paint,
and the floor...
Look at the floor!
How stupid you are!
I'm going outside,
and you can clean everything up before I get back.
Yes, dear.
Pete?
Come here.
Where are the workmen?
Gone home already?
Yes, dear. Is there a problem?
Why did I let you organise the sign?
Now I know why they were so cheap.
We need to save money.
It looks very nice to...
Ah, me.
Mum, Josephine, come here.
Why didn't you keep an eye on them?
We can't do everything.
I like the colours,
so bright and cheerful.
I don't think mum is angry about the colours, Gran.
What's the problem?
Oh, I see now.
Silly me.
It's the spelling.
It's not funny, mum.
Phone them now, Pete.
This moment.
Here's my mobile.
Yes, perhaps I will.
I'm sure there's a good reason.
Yes!
Stupidity is the only possible reason.
I want it changed.
Pete, Britain speaking.
The old Shakespeare tea shop.
Why a piddle?
No, I don't like it.
Why not?
I want to tell you why not.
No, the colours are fine.
Yes, it's in the right place.
Yes.
And it's big enough.
The problem is...
the words.
Correct me if I'm wrong,
but I think there is a letter P in the word
Shakespeare.
What do you mean, am I sure?
Of course I'm sure.
What?
You hoped I wouldn't notice.
Of course I noticed.
Anyone with any intelligence can see
that Shakespeare has P.
P.
In the middle.
We can't have the name
the old Shakespeare tea shop, can we?
No one understands that.
What do you say?
I don't believe it.
What's the reason?
He says he didn't have enough
letter P's to put on the sign.
What are you talking about?
Give the phone to me.
This is Mrs. Britain speaking.
Sorry?
I don't want to hear any more excuses.
I want to have a P on our sign
by the end of the afternoon.
Goodbye.
Do you know what I want to hear?
Do you know what you just said, mum?
Sorry?
This is not the best moment to start laughing, Josephine.
Stop it.
Stop it, Josie.
Oh, what's so funny?
I don't understand.
Mum said she wanted to have a P on our sign.
You are all completely mad.
I'm going inside.
The housewarming party.
Is everything ready for the big opening?
Yes, Nancy.
Don't worry.
I do worry.
I'm sure there's something we've forgotten.
Stay cool, mum.
Everything's OK.
Did you deliver all the invitations?
Josie and I did it last week, Nancy.
The local paper.
I forgot to phone them.
I did it, mum.
They'll be here in a minute.
Everything looks all right in the shop.
Oh, god, it's almost 10 o'clock.
I love the dress is, Nancy.
I feel like a queen.
You look great, too, Dad.
I can't be a waiter in the shop wearing these.
What are the customers going to say?
Come on, Pete.
No one will notice.
Of course, people will notice.
Everyone will see I'm wearing black tights.
It's too embarrassing.
They are very tights in some places.
And this high colour.
I can't look down.
I can't see what I'm carrying.
Just leave them on.
You look, um, lovely.
Oh, no music.
Sorry, Nancy.
We need some background music.
Oh, that's all right.
I can sing some songs from the Bingo Club.
Old MacDonald had a fight.
Oh, these don't.
We don't want complaints from the neighbours.
No, thank you, Mum.
It's not necessary.
Hello.
Surprise, surprise.
Hello, Si, but what?
These are the Wire Piddle Morrismen.
Julian and I are in the village,
dance group.
Thought it would be nice to dance outside the tea shop
when all the guests arrive.
Oh, how exciting.
Oh, what a super idea.
Thank you, Si.
Oh, thank you, Nancy.
Come on, then.
Outside.
And let's start dancing.
What a cool idea.
First guests are here.
Come on, everyone.
This place is tremendous, congratulations.
How would you love tea to see?
Thank you very much.
Please help yourselves to sandwiches and cakes.
My husband's over there if you'd like a cup of tea.
Yes, that's right.
The one in the tight.
Yes, yes, certainly, madam.
If you could just wait a minute.
Sorry.
I thought you said Darjeeling, sir.
No, I'd see.
You wanted a sand.
Yes?
Yes, I'm doing my best.
Don't get your knickers in a twist.
No, I didn't say anything, sir.
Just contemplating the suicide.
Is there, perhaps, anyone who could help me?
Nancy, Josie?
Thought not.
What?
Yes, of course it's tea.
This is a tea shop, madam.
Good morning.
My name's Michael Trumpleton from the Stratford.
Yes, my name's Pete Britton.
And that over there is my lovely, domineering wife.
And the laughing hyena is her mother.
Can't you see I'm busy?
You don't understand.
I'm, can you wait your turn, please?
There are others in front of you.
The younger generation.
You are madam, two teas.
Sorry?
What did you want?
Two coffees.
Excuse me, Mrs Britton.
My name's Michael Trumpleton from the Stratford Gazette.
Oh, the newspaper.
Oh, yes, how lovely to meet you.
Oh, please call me Nancy.
Nice to meet you, Nancy.
Come and sit down here and my husband will get you a pot of tea.
Help himself to some biscuits.
If your husband's the man in the rather uncomfortable tights,
then I think he's rather busy at the moment.
So you've met him already?
Yes, he likes them like that.
Oh, wow, these are super.
Better than my mum's cooking.
Thank you.
It's my own recipe.
Perhaps you could give me a list of the ingredients.
It would be good to put it into the newspaper article.
Yes, of course.
It's very simple, really.
Just flour, butter, nutmeg, some milk and, um, eggs.
I think that's all.
Oh, yes, and lemon juice.
Thank you.
I know you're all very busy at the moment,
but could I have a photo of you all in front of the shop?
Of course you can.
Mum, Josie, Pete, can you come here a moment, please?
The newspaper wanted photo of us.
Coming.
Oh, how exciting.
What now?
Yes, now, please, Pete.
Oh, what a life.
Just help yourself, everyone.
Be careful with the kettle.
It's very hot.
Wouldn't want you to burn yourself.
Yes, madam, that is Darjeeling tea.
It's written on the packet.
D-A-R.
Heat.
I'm coming, I'm coming.
APPLAUSE
Can you all stand in front of the shop, please?
Thank you, that's fine.
Rather strange spelling on the shop sign,
I thought the word Shakespeare had a piece.
And my husband can explain that.
Can't you, dear?
Don't start again.
I thought the topic was closed.
Smile.
And just one more picture.
Thank you very much.
The article should be in the newspaper next week.
Nice to meet you.
Come again soon.
Goodbye, Nancy.
Goodbye, Michael.
Mm.
Michael, is it?
Friend of yours, is he?
No.
He's just a nice, polite young man, that's all.
Anyway, can't stand here chatting all day.
Come on, everyone.
Back into the shop.
There's work to do.
Huh?
I forgot the baking powder.
I bought it yesterday,
don't you remember?
Yes, I know.
But I forgot to tell Michael.
Who?
The journalist.
He asked me for a recipe.
I forgot to mention the baking powder.
It's not important, is it?
Of course it's important.
Without the baking powder,
there'll be as flat as a pancake.
Don't worry so much.
I think you should keep an eye on your mother.
She's been at the Sherry trifle,
and I think she's about to start singing.
Oh, no.
Oh, my darling, it's harder, Bob.
Tourists from the USA.
Come on, Sharon.
You must see this.
It's so quaint and so English.
First must take some photos.
It's lovely.
Come on, babe.
I want to try some of those lovely little English cakes.
I could eat an elephant right now.
It's so cute in here.
And look what the waitresses are wearing.
Just like in the movies.
There's a table by the fireplace.
Quick.
Grand.
Look, two Americans next to the fireplace.
Oh, she's so big she needs two chairs.
And he's got a Simpsons t-shirt on.
This is going to be fun.
Just watch me, Grand.
What are you going to do, you watch?
Welcome to our famous Shakespearean t-shop.
It is indeed an honor to welcome you to our fine establishment.
What sustenance can I provide?
How did you say?
Are you talking English?
Of course he is, dear.
Don't take any notice of him.
I just love your Kuwait accent.
It gives me goose, people.
We want to try everything.
Bring us a piece of everything.
How you are so terrible, Tom.
That's too much.
We want to both start with your Caesar cream tea
with lots of extra cream.
Why not try the William Walnut Buns?
A secret recipe was handed down through our family,
the Shakespeare's.
Sure thing, far of those as well.
What do you mean, secret recipe was handed down through our family?
Do you mean that you're related to Willy's Shakespeare?
Yes, but don't tell everyone, please.
We don't like to tell too many people.
Oh, you English are so reserved.
I promise we won't tell anyone.
All right then, I can tell you.
What? What?
William Shakespeare's my father's great-grandfather.
Did you hear that, Sharon?
Her father is...
That's so well, Tom, dear.
That's so awesome.
Yes, and he's here in the shop at the moment.
Wow, well, over there behind the counter.
Oh yeah, he even looks like Willy Shakespeare.
Don't you think, babe?
I must have a photo for the folks back home.
We must introduce ourselves.
Come on, babe.
Oh, don't tell him I said anything.
Promise?
Mom's the word.
And one other thing.
He is a close personal friend of the Queen,
so please bow when you speak to him.
This is so exciting!
People back home simply won't believe us.
Good morning, your royal highness.
Love all, trust few, do wrong to none.
Great lines.
Uh, sorry.
Sorry, sir.
Shakes, be here.
We're Sharon and Tom Jordan from Houston, Texas
in the wonderful United States of America.
Are you all right?
Oh, you certainly are your royal-ness.
Why?
What?
Do you both have a background?
No, so Willy.
I have wondered if I could have a photo of you standing with my Tom.
For the people back home, you understand?
Yes, but why are you bending over all the time?
Go on, Tom, dear.
Stand next to so Willy.
Yes, dear.
Love the clothes, Sir Willy.
Ah, yes, I can explain that.
They are not my idea.
Please tell me, Sir Willy,
after when you're next at the palace,
we'd love an invitation to meet...
You know who?
Perhaps you could mention our names.
Say that we like riding horses too.
We also eat their health food jam.
We get them in the States now.
We love the raspberry jam.
But not crazy about the gooseberry.
The seeds get under my teeth.
Sorry, do you need a doctor?
Or maybe a psychiatrist?
There's a good one in the village.
Smile!
Say cheese!
Thank you, Sir Willy.
My pleasure, but...
By the way.
Yes?
We love your plays,
and especially the movie.
What's it called, babe?
Um, it's on the tip of my tongue.
Shakespeare, uh, uh, um...
No, uh, Anda, uh, uh...
In love?
Sorry.
We're married 28 years now.
I suppose you could call it love, but it changes.
The cost of true love never did run smooth.
No, Sharon, dear.
Sir Shakespeare is not asking about our marriage.
He gave you the title of the film.
Shakespeare in love?
Ah, so how stupid I am!
But tell me, sir, at...
Why didn't you get Johnny Depp to do it?
Much better actor.
What are you talking about?
Come on, dear.
Thank you, Sir Shakespeare.
Yes, you're right, dear.
Thanks a bunch, Sir Willy.
Going to try one or two of your secret willy walnut bones.
Bye!
Bloody Americans.
Why didn't Christopher Columbus stay at home by the fire?
Then he wouldn't have discovered America.
Oh, did you enjoy your little chat?
Very much, but I think he was a little confused.
Excuse me, dear.
Can you tell me where the rest room is?
If you mean the toilets, they're outside at the bottom of the garden.
What?
They're in the garden?
I have to see these.
Yes, and they're the same as in William Shakespeare's day.
Do you mean that Willy Shakespeare actually sat on your toilets?
Oh, yes.
He lived here as a child before he went to Stratford.
Come on, babe.
We must sit on the toilet.
Feel where Willy sat.
I'm coming with you, dear.
I can't miss this.
I heard that, Josie.
You are so naughty.
Well, Americans can be so stupid.
They believe anything.
What is the matter with those two Americans?
I think they both have a screw loose.
I have no idea what they were talking about.
Yes, they are a little strange.
I don't know why, Dad.
No idea.
No idea at all.
Oh.
Josie's revenge.
Just look at this, everyone.
It's wonderful.
Oh, we're on the front page.
Look, Josie.
Nice.
Yes, you're right.
It's really good publicity for the tea shop.
I hope we get more people coming in than the last few days.
Don't worry so much, dear.
I do worry.
I worry a lot.
I don't think that...
It says here that the tea and cakes are delicious
and the atmosphere is truly old-fashioned.
And then he finishes the article with some comment
that the owners are a bunch of real individuals
who reflect the eccentricities of English village life.
What exactly does it mean?
It's an insult.
He could have taken a better photo.
I like it.
Yes, well, you look lovely in it.
Why are you holding a plate of donuts in front of you like that?
Why do you think?
Yes, but it does look a bit peculiar
with a plate and two donuts down there.
It looks as if you...
Yes, thank you.
Come on, Nancy.
Back to work.
The shop opens in 30 minutes.
Shh.
Gran.
Yes, Josephine.
Why is everyone talking about this bloody sodding tea shop?
Yes, I'm no love.
But the only bleeding topic is recipes for cakes.
Shall we have dark peeling or not rain?
I think it's dark jiggling and oh, grey, Josephine.
Or who came into the shop?
Do you know that Mrs. Snotface came in yesterday
and she had two.
Yes, two slices of big, well-taught.
Very good, Josie.
Very good.
I'm not trying to be funny, Gran.
And mum and dad seem to think I should always help in the shop.
No, I don't have any free time to meet my friends.
And every time I ask mum about how much she's going to pay me,
she says, we can talk about it later.
Shall I speak to your mother?
Thanks, Gran.
That would be great.
Gran, yes, Josie.
Can you help me?
Of course.
What can I do?
Well, I want to play a joke on mum and dad.
I like jokes.
What do you mean?
Put salt in the sugar bowl or unscrew the door handles?
No, Gran.
Tie their shoelaces together.
Gran, something much more subtle.
What do you want to do?
Well, uh, I could phone up and pretend to be a health inspector.
Why would you do that?
None of us are ill.
My back aches a bit.
I have some problems in the night.
No, Gran, you don't understand.
A health inspector for the tea shop, not for you.
Oh, I see.
No, I don't.
Gran, a health inspector comes and checks the kitchens to see if they are clean.
But the kitchen is sparkless, I clean it myself.
Yes, I know it is.
But mum and dad will be frantic with worry,
and they'll get so stressed out.
It'll be fun.
I don't know.
Well, I want to try.
What name should I use when I phone up?
Are you really sure about this, Josie?
Yes, I am.
I think a man's voice is better.
Let me try.
Good afternoon, madam.
My name is Mr. Chumley.
Oh, that's very good, Josie.
Come on, let me try.
Oh, I'll go outside and use my mobile.
Can you answer the phone, peatime busy?
So am I, but that doesn't seem to be important.
And if it's Mr. Chatterly wanting to come and discuss having afternoon tea for his society members,
tell him any time is all right.
Yes, dear.
The old Shakespeare tea shop, how can I help you?
Good afternoon, sir.
Mr. Chumley, health inspector service speaking.
Ah, yes, my wife said you, my phone.
Yes, it's just an informal visit to have a look around in the next few days.
No need to worry, sir.
My wife said that any time this week is fine.
Thank you, goodbye.
Goodbye, sir.
You were marvellous, Josie.
Yes, I was good, wasn't I?
Do you think they believed you?
I don't know.
Dad answered the phone, so I'm sure he'll get the message wrong when he tells mum.
And then they will argue, oh, you are naughty.
That was a bit strange.
What's the matter?
He had a peculiar voice, sounded familiar.
Was it Mr. Chatterly on the phone?
I think so, but...
Yes?
Is Mr. Chatterly from the health inspector service?
Sorry.
Hi.
He said he was coming to check everything is okay.
What?
Health inspector?
Here.
Mr. Chatterly is chairman of the Marrow and Cucumber Society.
He's not a health inspector.
But...
But Pete?
If you had a brain, you would be dangerous.
Is there anything between your ears?
I don't understand.
Why didn't I answer the phone?
Why didn't you let me answer the phone?
Sometimes...
But you told...
It doesn't matter, dear.
Problems.
What are you doing, dear?
What are all these bills on the table?
Look at this.
And this.
How much?
I can't believe it.
Look at this one.
The insurance for the shop costs more than the value
of a Manchester United football club.
Don't exaggerate, Pete.
There just aren't enough customers coming into the shop.
We can't pay the bills.
I think it was a bad idea to open a t-shop, Nancy.
I think we have to close the shop down before it's too late.
Oh, there must be an alternative.
There isn't.
Yes, but...
We just have to work harder.
It's not a question of working harder.
We don't make enough money.
Josie can't help any more than she does.
She does have to go to school, Nancy.
I know, I know.
And we can't afford to have staff to support us.
You and I are working all day,
and sometimes it seems most of the night as well.
And your mother does her best,
but she's getting on in years,
and you can't always rely on her.
What do you mean?
Well, look what happened yesterday.
She got in a muddle with the orders,
and one couple didn't pay,
and another paid double.
It was all sorted out eventually.
Yes.
Only after one couple phoned their solicitor,
and I had to follow the Stratford bus in my car to catch the other couple.
Do you know how many stops there are between here and Stratford?
Do you know how many?
No, I don't.
27!
And when I found them,
it turned out that they had paid your mother.
She had put the money in her pocket and forgotten about it.
I mean, she drives me crazy.
What do you suggest we do?
Well, we could set fire to the shop and claim on the insurance.
You're not serious, are you?
What do you think?
Of course I'm not serious.
But it's an idea, then.
Oh.
Hello, Mum.
You Josie.
Can you both come here?
We need to talk.
I think we have to close down the shop.
No!
Why?
It's such fun!
I think I'm going to cry.
Please don't probably strangle you if you do.
Just listen to Pete, everyone.
The simple fact is that we are losing money fast.
There just aren't enough tourists coming in and the locals don't spend enough.
Yes, you're right.
Most tables are filled by old ladies who sit there all morning with one cup of tea and a fruit bun.
Sometimes I see them getting their own biscuits and cakes out of their shopping bags.
Perhaps we should body search all the customers as they come in the shop.
Sometimes I wonder what goes on inside your mother's head, Nancy.
Have you got any ideas, Josie?
You're the intelligent one in the family.
We need some promotions.
I want to be promoted.
I want to be the manager-ress.
No, Gran.
I don't mean that type of promotion.
I mean, we need some new ideas to get people interested in coming into the shop.
Oh, I see, silly me.
Why don't I have a table outside the tea shop and I can sell some Shakespeare souvenirs
and read out some famous Shakespeare sayings to get people to stop?
That's a nice idea, Mum.
I know what you can do, Dad.
Am I going to like this idea or not?
Well, you said that we aren't getting enough tourists in the shop.
Yes.
Where are all the tourists?
In Stratford, perhaps?
That's right.
You and Boris can walk through Stratford giving out leaflets to all the tourists.
Boris can wear something as well to look medieval.
Any of your mother's clothes would be perfect, Nancy.
You can have a 10% voucher on the leaflet, Dad.
And you can carry a sandwich board with a big poster advertising the tea shop on it.
You'll look great in your Shakespeare costume.
You can read out bits of Shakespeare and have Elizabethan music playing in the background.
Oh, I knew I wasn't going to like the idea.
But desperate situations call for desperate measures.
If we don't get more customers in the shop in the next couple of weeks,
then we have to close.
That's final.
Come on then, everyone.
Let's get started.
No time to lose.
What?
Promoting the tea shop.
What are you doing, Gran?
I want to put some balloons on the table, make people stop and look.
What do you think?
It's a cool idea with the table in front of the shop.
Oh, thank you.
This is not so easy.
Oops.
I thought you wanted to sell Shakespeare's souvenirs.
I'm not sure that your pink hand knitted bed socks are very Shakespearean.
I'm going to tell people the knitting pattern is
from Shakespeare's mother.
So easy with the balloons, Gran.
Don't overdo it.
Oh, this is fun.
Oh, dear.
I told you to be careful.
Oh, I don't feel...
Oh, Gran! Gran!
Oh, no! What's the matter?
Help! Someone!
Help! Please!
Mom! Dad! Help!
What's the matter, Josie?
It's Gran!
She was blowing up balloons.
I told her to stop, but she didn't.
She's collapsed.
I think she's dead.
No, she's just fainted.
Silly old fool.
Leave it to me.
What are you doing, Dad?
You see.
No, Dad, don't do that.
Oh!
This always works.
Come on, wake up.
What's happening here?
Mom, what are you doing, Pete?
The old fool fainted.
I just threw a jug of water over her.
You idiot!
Phone for an ambulance.
But don't, as I tell you, now!
All right.
All right. I'm going.
What a week.
Oh, I feel a bit better now.
Oh, what happened?
I feel wet.
You're all right now, Mom.
The ambulance is here now.
Everything's going to be all right.
Come on, Boris.
Let's drive to Stratford.
I think it's better if we keep away from Nancy for a few hours.
Don't you?
What?
Here we are, Boris.
I hope we don't meet anyone we know in Stratford.
We both look completely ridiculous.
Love the tides, mate.
I knew this wasn't a good idea.
Come on, let's start.
We can put some leaflets under the windscreen wipers.
Good idea, eh?
This sandwich board is so awkward and heavy.
What a stupid idea, eh?
What's the matter, Boris?
Oh, it's a cat.
No, it's not.
Come back.
Oh, the light caught around my legs.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
I'll be in the W.
Right!
Oops.
That was a wing mirror.
Just stop it, Boris.
Calm down.
Look what you've done.
Come on, before anyone sees us.
We can stand here outside marks and Spencer's, Boris.
Just sit quietly and look sweet and cuddly.
Please.
Okay, here goes.
The only Shakespeare tea shopping in wire piddle.
Biscuits and cakes freshly baked using Shakespeare's own recipes.
The alarm, Adam, please have a leaflet.
Thank you very much.
Visit Shakespeare's favorite tea shop.
To be or not to be.
That is the question.
Thank you, sir.
And, Adam.
I like your dog.
Yes, madam, thank you.
The only Shakespeare tea.
What is name?
Sorry?
What?
It's Boris.
The only Shakespeare...
That's an old name.
You should know.
I heard that.
Could you just go away, please, madam?
I'm trying to advertise our world famous tea shop.
The only Shakespeare tea shopping in wire piddle.
Visit Shakespeare's favorite tea shop.
Visit the house where he lived as a child.
William Shakespeare never lived in wire piddle.
Yes, he did.
Before he went to a war.
Before he went to war.
No, he didn't.
What are you talking about?
Before he was called to the prompt.
He never went to war.
Yes, he did.
It's before your time.
But only just.
You are talking complete rubbish.
Just go away, madam.
The only Shakespeare tea shopping in wire piddle.
Traditional English tea shop with traditional homemade cakes.
Here's a pamphlet for you, madam.
Thank you.
As William Shakespeare wrote in Macbeth,
I have nothing to offer but blood.
Oil, tears and sweat.
William Shakespeare didn't write that.
Winston Churchill wrote it.
No, he didn't.
Yes, he did.
I should know.
And why are you suddenly an expert on Shakespeare?
I'm an historian from the local museum.
Yes, well, aha.
That William Shakespeare didn't actually write it.
But Winston Churchill borrowed the idea from him.
I can't stand here talking to you all day.
Come on, Boris.
Some people have no idea, do they, Boris?
Winston Churchill.
No idea.
Only another 900 leaflets to give out.
Come on, let's get on with this and then get back to the shop.
The only Shakespeare tea shopping in wire piddle.
Traditional English tea shop with traditional homemade cakes.
Here's a leaflet for you, sir, and your lovely daughter.
Thank you.
Hope to see both of you in our tea shop.
The only Shakespeare tea shopping in wire piddle.
As Shakespeare said himself on his death bed,
never in the field of human conflict.
Winston Churchill said that as well.
It wasn't Shakespeare.
Leave me alone.
Go to speaker's corner and annoy some people there.
What a terrible woman.
She has no idea at all.
I can't believe that.
A special visit.
Never again.
What's the matter now?
Everywhere I went, she was there.
Called herself an historian.
She had no idea, no idea at all.
Yes, dear.
You've told me the same story at least 10 times since breakfast.
Yeah, I mean.
You can't complain.
I think we've had at least 20 new customers so far.
Excuse me.
You over there.
Come here, please.
Are you referring to me?
Yes, you will.
I thought slavery had been abolished.
Try to be more polite to the customer's peat.
Yes, dear.
How can I help you, madam?
This is not a proper scone.
What are these?
I believe in the catering world.
They are usually called sultanas, madam.
Maybe you haven't heard of them before.
Don't be so stupid.
I want you to take this away and bring me another scone
without sultanas.
Of course, madam, whatever you say.
Would you also like the strawberries removed from the strawberry jam?
No, thank you.
The jam is fine.
Well, I'm pleased to hear that.
But sure.
The people we get in here.
What's the matter now?
Queen Victoria at Table Six wants a scone without sultanas.
I'm just making some more.
I can make some without sultanas.
Thank you, Mum.
You see, Pete?
You shouldn't get so stressed.
I'm not stressed.
It's just the people we get in here.
What are you doing?
Don't put a knife in the mix of peat.
I just want to try the...
Bloody hell.
No.
Frank, why did you turn the mixer on?
I didn't see you.
Get out of the kitchen, Pete.
God, I'm going.
Good morning, sir.
I'm a local health inspector and I want to inspect your premises, please.
Yes, and I'm...
I'm still waiting for my scone without sultanas.
Just be quiet and wait.
Do you always speak to your customers like that?
No.
Only the ones I would like deported to the continent.
Now, who did you say you were?
The local health inspector.
Here to check your kitchen.
Yes, wonderful.
Yes, that's all we need.
Are you feeling all right?
Yes, yes.
Lovely day, isn't it?
Pity about the cricket score.
Please, just wait there.
Meet to nice you.
I mean...
...and everyone.
He's here.
What are you talking about?
Careful where you walk.
Not there.
He's here.
Now look what you've done.
The floor is slippery.
Be careful.
He's here.
The man who phoned.
Each man who phoned.
Oh, no.
What the hell, Inspector?
Yes.
Don't let him come in here.
Look at this mess.
Give him in the shop.
How?
Use your imagination.
Sing songs.
Sing songs to him.
Are you completely mad?
What do you suggest?
Handles Messiah.
Make songs.
Requiem might be more appropriate.
Just do something, but get out of here.
Hello.
Where's he gone?
If you are referring to that gentleman,
he's gone to inspect the sanitary arrangements.
Just had a look at your toilets.
I'm afraid it is forbidden to have outside
toilets like those in a restaurant.
But...
I want to inspect your kitchen now, please.
Maybe you would like a cup of tea first.
No, thank you.
Just your kitchen, please.
I know we can...
look at the flowers in the garden.
Do you like flowers?
Just the kitchen, please.
It's through this door, isn't it?
Maybe you would like to hear me sing.
I beg your pardon.
Stupid idea.
It wasn't my idea.
Good morning, madame.
Whoa!
Let me help you up.
Sorry about that.
Oh, perhaps you would like a scone.
We're all without sultanas.
No, thank you.
What a mess in here.
It's not acceptable.
And what's that noise?
It's coming from the cupboard over there.
Let me see.
There's a rat in a box in here.
I'll kill her!
Where is Josephine?
Where is he?
You must close this shop now.
It's an absolute disgrace.
I'll be writing a full report
and you can expect a very heavy fine.
Oh, no.
It's the end.
What's going on?
Stop it, Pete.
Don't be stupid.
Come here, Josephine.
What's happening here?
Are you all going bonkers?
And who are you?
I'm the local health inspector
and I'm closing this shop now.
You can't be.
It was a joke.
It's not a joke, Josephine.
He phoned a few days ago.
That was me.
I pretended to be the health inspector.
It was a joke.
What's happening here?
What are you talking about?
Ask Gran.
She knows.
Yes.
I was there when Josie phoned you.
She's very clever, isn't she?
She should become an actress.
Maybe a famous Hollywood actress
in the films.
But who are you?
Have you asked him to show you his credentials?
Oh, I must go now.
I have another tea shop to visit.
Don't forget what I said.
Oh, hello, Trevor.
What a surprise.
Haven't seen you for a long time.
How are you?
Oh, hello, Si.
Yes, I'm fine.
Thanks.
Goodbye.
Strange man.
What's all the noise?
Julian and I were worried.
What's happening in here?
It's a terrible mess.
The health inspector was here.
When?
Today?
When you came in, you said hello.
You must know him.
Oh, yes.
That's Trevor McMubble.
He's an old school friend.
I sometimes see him in Stratford.
He ends a tea shop there.
He owns a tea shop.
But I don't understand.
Why did he say he was a health inspector?
Hmm, I think I'm beginning to understand.
He's worried about the competition from our tea shop.
Since I did my advertising in Stratford,
we've had more customers.
He wanted to frighten us and get us to close down.
What a shock that was.
What a horrible thing to do.
Thank God, that's over and done with.
Come on, everybody.
Let's have a nice cup of tea.
Gran?
I even like your scones without sultanas.
Good afternoon.
I'm from the Stratford Public Health Office.
I've had reports that there are rats in this tea shop.
Is this another friend of yours, Si?
Sorry, love.
You're too late.
Oh, your friend was here one minute ago.
We're not worried.
But this is serious.
If the reports are correct, I'll have to close this shop.
I want to have a look around.
Of course you do, madam.
But you can't get out of our shop now.
We know you're gay.
Go on out.
We don't believe you.
You don't frighten us.
It's my bet.
What are you doing?
Here's my identity card.
Yes, of course it is.
You have an identity card.
What a surprise.
Your partner in grind, didn't you?
Let me see it.
Ah, Pete.
Yes?
I think you should look at this identity card.
It's genuine.
What?
It can't be.
Let me look.
Oh no.
The bat to hunt.
You